To compile the Grep package with DJGPP tools, you will need the
following tools:

	  1) The basic DJGPP development environment, including the
             GCC compiler and the libraries.

	  2) GNU Make revision 3.75 or later.

	  3) GNU Sed.

Running the tests ("make check" in the top-level directory)
additionally requires Bash, `cmp' (from GNU Diffutils) and `true'
(from GNU Sh-utils).  Automated installation ("make install") requires
Groff and `ginstall' (from GNU Fileuitils).  The various ``clean''
targets ("make clean", "make distclean", etc.) need `rm' (from
Fileutils) and `test' (from Sh-utils).  TAGS and ID targets require
`etags' (from the Emacs distribution) and `mkid' (from ID-utils).

All of these tools are available from the DJGPP archive sites.

To build Grep, run the djgpp\config.bat batch file, then run Make:

	  djgpp\config
	  make

config.bat and the Makefile's it creates depend on certain file names
which are illegal on MS-DOS to be transformed to alternate names.  If
you unpack the original FSF source distribution with the DJTAR program
supplied with DJGPP or with the DJGPP port of GNU Tar, these
transformations will be done automatically for you.  However, if you
use some other program to unpack the sources and the build process
complains about missing files, look for the REN commands near the end
of djgpp\config.bat and manually rename the files mentioned there to
the names which the Makefile's expect.

Please note the -u and -U options that specifically target MS-DOS and
MS-Windows environments.  They are described in the Grep man page in
this distribution.

To test that the package works, say "make check".  If you don't have a
file named sh.exe somwhere on your PATH, "make check" will refuse to
run, as it needs a Unix-like shell.

To install, either copy the executables and man pages to the
appropriate directories, or say "make install".  To clean up, say
"make clean" or "make distclean".  Both these targets also require
Bash; they might also run with 4DOS or NDOS replacement shells, but I
didn't test that.

National Language Support doesn't work in this port, so don't expect
the programs to talk to you in any language but English.

Please post any problems in the DOS version to the comp.os.msdos.djgpp
news group first, especially if they have something to do with the
DOS-specific aspects.

Enjoy,
				Eli Zaretskii <eliz@is.elta.co.il>
